Randy's already on in earned he's got a
playa bonita maybe a small yellow he's
getting towed trolling a little jig on
the bass stick getting owned this is
half this business going over about five
minutes folks ripping drag ago do that I
i think i just saw the back in this is
probably look like bonito silver I told
you they were doing you on that light
tackle gonna burn my drags out here will
allow for grabs just hanging off and
then you'll never stamp
your boat oh yeah last video dude I tank
which I'm turning agrestic left there is
do you want me to get them or we're
going to just lift them up come around
the other side yeah you look good holy
crap do you guys a nice one that's a big
veneto right there Annie look at that
baby nothing's freaking huge that a kid
mechanikat freaking huge media I did
lobster central lobster babe
she's a good player so I got some look
at that puppy baby that is up big hardee
veneto right there